README.md, before:

# Writing a React Application

**Step 2/2**

**This is the second step of the series.**
**To view other steps, please check out another branch.**

This step will guide you in writing a React Application.

<img src="http://facebook.github.io/react/img/logo.svg" width="200"/>

## Objectives

* Create an application with React.
* Write JSX code.
* Write a React component.
* Pass properties from a parent component to a child component.

## Resources

* [Getting Started with React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/getting-started.html)
* [React API](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/top-level-api.html)
* [React Component](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-api.html)
* [React Component Lifecycle](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-specs.html)

## Write a React Application

### Planning

### Write the Top-Level Component

### Write a Child Component

### Wire up an Event

## Next Step

This concludes the Writing a React Application step.

This is the last step in this series.

Commit message:

:zap: step-01: Setup Atom. Planning an app.

README.md, after:

# Writing a React Application

**Step 2/2**

**This is the second step of the series.**
**To view other steps, please check out another branch.**

This step will guide you in writing a React Application.

<img src="http://facebook.github.io/react/img/logo.svg" width="200"/>

## Objectives

* Create an application with React.
* Write JSX code.
* Write a React component.
* Pass properties from a parent component to a child component.

## Resources

* [Thinking with React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/thinking-in-react.html)
* [Getting Started with React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/getting-started.html)
* [React API](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/top-level-api.html)
* [React Component](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-api.html)
* [React Component Lifecycle](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-specs.html)

## Setup Atom

Install the [language-javascript-jsx](https://atom.io/packages/language-javascript-jsx) package in Atom.
Now you can view your JSX code with proper highlighting. :sunglasses:

## Write a React Application

We will be writing a list tracking application.

### Planning

Basic steps of planning a React application:
1. Break it down into components.
2. Write the components and render them with static data.
3. Identify which components need which data.
4. Store your state outside the components.
5. Provide a way for components to change state.

### Write the Top-Level Component

### Write a Child Component

### Wire up an Event

## Next Step

This concludes the Writing a React Application step.

This is the last step in this series.
